Cesar Cortes 
Lab 1
CISC 3140


Our team, group one, decided that we should create a flash game using web development skills. 
When we discussed the idea, everyone was onboard. We came to a decision due to the majority of us growing
up playing video games. This gave us an advantage in how to tackle the idea and expand on it. Although we had
different opinions in what kind of fame it should be. We finally decided to create a flash gamme with a shooter genre.
Expanding on the idea, we decided to add multiplayer and in-game transactions to increase our revenue. 
	The team was efficiently communicative, and we further expanded more ideas for the final product of the game.
For instance, we will add story, UI/UX and have sponsors on YouTube to make our game well known.
The budget of our game will mostly be invested in visuals and aesthetics to attract players around the world.
The visuals will increase the player base into buying aesthetics for their characters.
	Although the game is online, we discussed that there should be different game modes. The team
came up with two types of game modes, death match and capture the flag. Even though there are only two game modes,
we decided what will cause the player to win and what score should be the max score. There were so many factors
to discuss to determine when a player has won and what objectives they will have to do.	
	Our group was large, so we decided to split into smaller teams by the progamming language we are more
effiently with. The majority in our group are proficient in Java. However, the rest are proficient in 
JavaScript and C++. Since most of the group were good with Java, we decided not to split into smaller groups.
	Finally, we had to decide what the game should be called. We decided to name the game "MAREEO Shooting With Them."
Brainstorming ideas with a group is easier than working alone. Sometimes working alone you have blank ideas and often 
you get stuck. However, with a team if you ever get stuck then they can pick up on ideas until you're ready to contribute with more ideas.
This collaboration was easy since we were all communicating. However, I believe it would've been easier if it were in person and everybody had
written the ideas in person than online.
